In the luminous kingdom of Aethelgard, the sky is a swirling tapestry of violet and gold, illuminated by three moons that never set. Here, the landscape is defined by floating islands of crystalline rock connected by bridges of solid light, where the "Scribes of the Air" harvest stardust to power their ancient machinery. Magic is not a hidden art but a rhythmic pulse felt by every living creature, flowing through the roots of the silver-leafed Eldertrees that hum in harmony with the wind.
The peace of this realm is guarded by the Winged Sentinels, warriors who ride majestic gryphons through the shifting clouds of the Upper Reach. Deep within the Obsidian Canyons, however, a low resonance has begun to stir, the place of Primal Ember-spirits which lies dormant for a thousand years thus signaling the awakening of itself of the world's core. As the ground begins to glow with an eerie azure light, the people of Aethelgard must prepare for an era where the balance between the ethereal heights and the forgotten depths will finally be tested.
Now Rover Wrangler is a young lad trying hard to fit into this world and frequently abused by his own people because of his inability to feel the rythmic pulse of the wind. Everynight he dreams of an image in his mind but not quite get the hold of it, it seems like a fairy calling his name but he cannot quite see her face and whenever he gets closer to discovering her the image breaks and he wakes up. He knows life is hard but sometimes crystalline drops comes out from his eyes just thinking of his present situation and often hope that it should not be like this, at those moments he feels powerless, hopeless as if he is a burden to this world and then he closes his eyes in slumber. He is a orphan and also unsure of his roots, as far as he knows he was taken by a old woman Pakisha Lendergarden who is in her 80s but she don't seem to remember how she first met Rover, as far as she remembered that Rover was given to her by a gentleman and asked her to take care of him without saying anything but just giving some crystalline rocks and a necklace for Rover to wear always. Thus unsure of everything Rover was spending his days in grief and sometimes hopelessness but not enough to break his spirit and also caring the old woman brings him a sudden face of joy thinking her as his own.     